XS✔ ◾ Added related + intro tag + improved title "/unique-office-backgrounds" (#8384)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/unique-office-backgrounds/rule.md

---
type: rule

> title: Do you know have different office backgrounds?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Do you have set office backgrounds for filming?
```

Author: Hey @jaydenalchin 

I think we also need to remove the word "have" from you suggestion?

Reviewer: In this context I was using "set" as in "have a set list of" - but it makes sense either way you'd prefer. An alternative could be "Do you _establish_ office backgrounds for filming?".
